Moves CI to GitHub Actions (#180)
openzipkin/zipkin-ruby: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature.md

---
name: Feature Request
about: Please first, look at existing issues to see if the feature has been requested before.
labels: enhancement
---

> Please first, look at [existing issues](https://github.com/openzipkin/brave-karaf/issues) to see if the feature has been requested before. If you don't find anything tell us what problem you’re trying to solve. Often a solution already exists! Don’t send pull requests to implement new features without first getting our support. Sometimes we leave features out on purpose to keep the project small.

Author: ```suggestion
Please first, look at [existing issues](https://github.com/openzipkin/zipkin-ruby/issues) to see if the feature has been requested before. If you don't find anything tell us what problem you’re trying to solve. Often a solution already exists! Don’t send pull requests to implement new features without first getting our support. Sometimes we leave features out on purpose to keep the project small.
```

> **Feature:**

Reviewer: how about having the same formatting as in the bug.md? e.g. use markdown headers instead of bold.

Description of the feature

> **Rational**

Reviewer: Rational*e*

Why would this feature help others besides me?

**Example Scenario**

> What use case is not practical to serve before this feature?

Reviewer: Reads a bit clunky IMHO, how about something like "What kind of use cases would benefit from this feature?"

Author: agree it is awkward, I was trying to rephrase brain into considering if it is actually possible now or not, but instead, just broke the brain!

**Prior Art**

>  * Links to prior art

Reviewer: [nits] no need to have a space at col 1
